docs: rewrite dependency-graph.md in ASD-STE100 Simplified Technical English (#2039)
apache/maven-resolver: src/site/markdown/dependency-graph.md

c:1
```

The dependency tree is a useful data structure.
It provides the complete set of artifacts that are necessary to form a classpath.
A simple recursive traversal gathers the relevant dependencies.

## Troubleshooting a Dependency Graph

The dependency tree provides a basic way for end users to understand why and how a given artifact became a dependency.
But the dependency tree misses some information that the dependency graph has.
The examples above illustrate this.
For example, the tree does not show that `b:1` also depends on `c:1`.
To troubleshoot complex dependency graphs, some configuration properties keep useful data in the dependency graph returned by `RepositorySystem.collectDependencies()`.

> For example, the configuration property `ConflictResolver.CONFIG_PROP_VERBOSE` can produce a graph similar to the dependency hierarchy view in m2e.

Reviewer: "can be enabled to produce" was shortened to "can produce" — this drops the signal that `ConflictResolver.CONFIG_PROP_VERBOSE` is disabled by default and must be explicitly enabled. An STE-compliant imperative construction would preserve both the style and the opt-in semantics:

```suggestion
For example, enable the configuration property `ConflictResolver.CONFIG_PROP_VERBOSE` to produce a graph similar to the dependency hierarchy view in m2e.
```

The graph keeps the nodes that conflict.
This helps end users understand all the paths that pull in a given dependency.

> The configuration property `DependencyManagerUtils.CONFIG_PROP_VERBOSE` can record the attributes of a dependency.

Reviewer: Same issue: "can be enabled to record" became "can record", losing the opt-in semantics.

```suggestion
Enable the configuration property `DependencyManagerUtils.CONFIG_PROP_VERBOSE` to record the attributes of a dependency before the dependency manager modifies them.
```
